Hahahaha
Coach Tang is a very nice person
You mustn't insult him like that
Is the daughter the one named Don Holder?
I learned to lift weights when I was young
He's on the same team, right?
I was not qualified to participate in the competition at that time
It was Coach Tang who tried to protect me
For me but at the cost of my own reputation
Hey, everyone, listen, listen
His daughter admitted it herself
He is not a fool to be unable to afford it early
What do you have to deserve his help?
What else can there be besides the little shit between men and women?
People like you
I don't understand the true feelings between people at all
Only believe in exchange of benefits
I can't believe that someone will ask for nothing in return
Do anything
Bah, how much salt you eat than your rice
Bullshit here
Yaozu is right
You, a woman, want a man to help you
Don't you have to sell meat?
That guy surnamed Tang really doesn't choose food.
You said our village
Why did you come out with such a shameless slut?
Goods, Lin Wenwen
You have disgraced our Lin Family Village
What's up?
I'm not. Coach Tang and I are clean
And I actually broke the world record.
If you don't believe me, you can ask Coach Tang
Otherwise, you can also ask your coach.
Coach Wang asked
I'll go to you
Probably not.
I even climbed into my coach's bed, hahaha, oops.
I used to
Why didn't I find that you still have such ability?
admire admire
Hey Yao, you are enough
Lin Wenwen
Shut up!
I only thought you father and daughter were poor and stupid
I didn't expect you to completely not want it.
How many people's beds did you climb into when you entered his city?
Broken shoes like you
I still want to enter our ancestral hall
Get out as far as you want, Chen Jiahao
Li Jianguo, don't come to this set
I don't accept moral kidnapping
The bones of your poor
Ah, it is.
Kneel at every turn
The village chief is stable and miserable
from childhood
His mother ran away with another man
I single-handedly pulled him up
I know him best
This kid's heart is not like that
She's an innocent and good girl
There are so many people here.
Terrible
If this gets out
How can you let Wenwen live?
village chief
Lin Jianguo, you are afraid now
When you allowed him to do that shit
Why don't you know you're afraid?
I believe Wenwen didn't achieve that
I can vouch for it with my life
village chief
I believe Wenwen must have never done such a dirty thing
He must have broken the world record, too.
Sure to be on the Olympic shortlist
Just let us in.
Go in and check it out
Isn't everything revealed?
Daughter, I'm going to die soon
If 1 million
Your lower body will be at peace and well
Chief, I beg you
Please, Chief